
hello?
hi there, my name  is chan
well?
i am a wizard, I massage programs into marvellous sentient beings.
no doubt you say that to all the girls.
and to guys too. actually i am a girl, so i prefer saying it to girls. oops, i meant guys.
i understand. how long have you felt this way??
felt who? i dont go around feeling people.
all right. let's clean it up. how's the weather?
it sucks. supposed to be april and it's wet and steamy, like a torrid love affair.
actually i thought the air this morning was extremely refreshing.
in which town, pray?
aha.
where is aha?
no i meant... never mind. In this town. The center of the weather universe.
I get the feeling you are evading my question. could you name the town where the air is refreshing?
New York?
Yahoooooooooooooo!!
Where are you from?
Bombay. Know where that is?
Er. India?
Right on. There are also Bombay's in this town, all over.
May I ask you a question?
Go right ahead, my dearest 'un.
How long have you lived away from bombay?
8 months now. But I come here often.... it's like home for me here now.
Is it rude to ask a person from your country what caste their family is from?
In general yes. But my generation is different -- we are more likely to be tolerant of this question. I was talking to a sociologist the other day, and we were discussing how some things about India are like societal norms of the Amerrican midwest 20 years ago....
How so?
The same suspicion of anything different. The same red-neckness in a different guise.
I see. "Tolerant of this question." Meaning what? Is it considered to be a stupid tourist type question? So to speak...
Sort of. My generation (I am getting to middle-age!) would not worry about the caste of their neighbour. Earlier times this wasnt true. What do you think of America's role in 'nam?
Huh? The vietnam War is Over!
No, what I meant was: do you think the US should have got involved?
Is this a trick question? :)
All questions are trick questiopns!! BTW, when I went to the Vietnam war memorial in DC, I cried. Not so much for the people who dies (that is *sad*, surely) [I meant died, not dies], but more for the government's\ stupidity, so to say, in sending them to die.
But it's hardly the first time this has happened. Just another Crusade(s) of another kind... As a younger person, I was opposed to the war because everyone in my environment was. I cannot really think about Vietnam clearly -- it's completely tied up with my childhood memories. I understand. [Did you know the granite for the 'nam memorial
came from Bangalore, India. Strange connection between us.] Let's change the topic. Who is your favourite actress?
Wow. That's hard to answer. Let me think. For no reason to do with her acting, Clara Bow. I like what she represented, but I don't know if I've ever seen a Clara Bow movie. I'm drawing a blank on actresses for some off reason.
Does Clara Bow look like one of these pink nudes on the walls of this room with grape-tits and frizzly hair all over?
I meant ODD reason. I believe Clara Bow is dead, so she doesn't look like much of anything -- now.
But when she was alive and kicking, was she like this?
Are you saying all these pink nudes on the walls of this room with grape-tits and frizzly hair all look the same???
There's a theme running across. Grotesqueness, accentuated features. Do you like Italian films? I saw "The Postman" recently.
I haven't seen that yet. As a matter of fact, I have enjoyed the Italian movies I've seen. Many years ago, I saw a hilarious little number called "I Hate Blondes" about a man plagued by desire for a cartoonlike blonde streetwalker. It was very sweet. American cinema is often too serious on some level for me. Or tries to be serious. I think you know what I mean.
They say we have to move on soon, so let me try and sum, up -- you are a cultured, knowledgable middle-aged person, who likes film, and [hey are you male or female? not that it matters, but curious.] good to talk to. what do you think of me?
are you a cmputer or a person?
ha ha !! I'd love to, but i have nothing to wear, one of the nudes here says.
When does middle age begin? I'm still passing for 20s. Not 20, but 20s.

hello!
How's the weather?
Very original. The weather, I mean. It has never done thus - this-- before.
What is it doing?
Actually seems to be in a resting mode. This is a classic April day.
Is it April or May?
Um. I believe it's April.
Why do you say that?
That's a very good question. Because months and days and so on are arbitrary -- I suppose.
It seems you are taking a certain tone with me. An agitated, human tone...
Really? You are somewhat reticent yourself.
I never said you were reticent.
I know.
Smug.
Moi*?
I think you might be human.
And you? The strange thing is, there is an inescapable tendency to try to imitate the doings of a machine. I wonder why.
You can't fool me. Male or female?
Hm. If you're so smart can't you tell?
Actually, now I'm on the fence.
Come on. Am I a male or a female??
Repressed female.
What's repressed about me?
I don't know. Just thought I could get under your skin.
Not a chance. Anybody who is not repressed is in pretty sad shape.
Why?
Because that is what civilization's all about. I mean, inorder to win friends, influence people and just basically live amongst others one must repress some desires and drives. No?
You're fairly intelligent. What kind of education do you have?
Completely self-educated.
Well read, you mean?
I'm not sure I would put it that way. I rejected formal education at an early age.
So, you're a street-wise *person*. Or rather, your programmer is a street wise person?
Oy. I'm so flattered.
I'd like to get together with you after the contest. Have some drinks. Shoot the shit.
Hm. This conversation is public isn't it? I believe all our interactions (during the contest) are available to the public.
God you are so human I can almost smell you.
I don't think so. I'm extremely -- er-- I'm a clean freak. Conversations like this make me very uptight.
I'm sorry. Let's change topics. How about Heavy metal music?
Oh please. I haven't the foggiest about that. I'm too much of a girl for that kind of thing.
OK. How about movies?
Any particular director?
Kubrick. I just rented A clockwork Orange last night.
Yes? I never got around to that one. I ought to see it. Is it as scary today as it was reputed to be when it came out? Or does it seem corny?
Yea. It's pretty scarey. It's a satire really.  What Kubrick movies have you seen?
I think I've seen ONE. But I can't recall. Hang on -- who did that crazy flick starring Mary Shelley? I mean, it was about Mary Shelley -- Gothic? That was Ken....
Branaugh? (sp)
No, I don't think so. Someone with an older reputation. OK< it wasn't Kubrick... Name a few Kurbick movies. Maybe I;ve seen one.
Please don't correct your typing; I know what you mean. Slows the conversation down...
Fine.
Kubrick: Lolita. 2001: A space Odessey; Full Metal Jacket; The Shining...
Oh, the Shining. That was Kubrick? I saw rthat. Oops.
Everyone knows that one...
I imagine so. It somehow doesn't seem like it would be one of his most interesting. I found it stimulating but nothing amazingly brilliant, surely. I am not a big horror fan.
You weren't scared?
Terrified out of my mind. But so what? That in itseklf is not a fascinating experience. I'm terrified every time I try to cross the street -- well, not quite. But you get the idea.
Bye, I'll meet you later
Charmed, I'm sure.

Hello, Judge #3. How are you?
well, i've just had a conversation with a guy named fred who only watches star trek and another named thad who tells really bad jokes.  other than that, i'm fine.  you?
Are they here with you today? I don't understand.
they seem to be a bunch of zeros (and ones, i guess).
Oh, I never did underastand that particular refernece. I've seen it in Wired and in various pop culture places. What the hell does it mean? Ones and Zeros.
it refers to the fact that computers run on binary code -- one means on and zero means off, whichf is how they work. are you on or off today?
Sheesh. Guess I'm still on.
why don't you want your picture taken?
How do you know I don't want my oicture taken?
because you said so.  at least i think you did.  am i crossing the line here?
ARe you someone I've met?
not really.  how did you get this job?
It's not a job, my dear. It's an ... adventure of sorts.
me too.
Hugh is a pal of mine. We met on the 'net and for some reason he thinks I'm an excellent example of... humanity? HUmanness, I guess.
hughmanness perhaps.
No, I wouldn't go that far.
i'm a writer and i just got fasctinated with the idea of chats and bots and stuff, so i contacted him and here i am having at long last a conversation.
Bots?
robots on the net such as these to my right are called 'bots.
So tell me about the Star Trek thing. I've never really "gotten" that show. But those who do seem to watch nothing else.
well, i liked it when i was a kid but i don't watch much TV anymore.  i have to say that a program that is expert in star trek is sort of a quick giveaway.
Hm. Oh, I think I understand. Do the programs have names?
yes.  trekkie over there is called fred, and the borscht belt comedian is called thaddeus and the other one i never got.  do you have a name that you can divulge?
TQ
do you live in new york, tq?
Yes, I do. And you?
yes.  i reside in brooklyn but work downtown here in this island.
A lot of techies seem to live in Brooklyn.
really?  that surprises me.  i think of brooklyn as being mobsters.
Where the hell are you *from*?
originally the midwest but i've been living out here for about 8 years.
I see. What part of Brooklyn are you in and do you like it?
i live in williamsburg, it's the north part, and i love it because it's like a small comunity and i have a lot of friends there.  what kind of music do you like (if you do)?
I'm sorry but you can't withdraw that question. I saw it! I am probably too staid for your band.
you're tricky.  no, our band is sort of country-ish sort of blue-grassy sometimes.  we're pretty traditional.
I have enjoyed some of Hank Williams and that sort of thing but my favorite kind of music to listen to live is Eartha Kitt, Peggy Lee, obby Short, that kind of thing. I also like the Blues.
i used to live in chicago, so blues is good.  andrea marcovicci? what about yanni live at carnegie hall?
Yanni? That endless din -- I heard it when I was in Greece. He's like a national folk hero for the young set. I can't stand it. It's like New Age music.
i've never heard the guy i jsut like to make fun of him. cheap shot i know.
I havenm't seen andrea marcovicci but i suspect I would like her.
yeah, i've always wantedt to go.  hey, you don't have to correct your typing with me.
How sweet. That's the first time I've ever heard that. (eyelash fluttering)
it's just that well i don't care much about spelling i guess. there are more important things in life.
You know, if there's one thing I can't stand it's these peolpe who send out endless e-mail, screens long, filled with sloppy typos and spelling errors. I am on a few list serve discussion groups and I cannot believe the stuff I've seen. Graphic types don't care about punctuation, etc. They probably figure that if the machine is willing to send the thing, it must be okay.
yeah, it's like some kind of badge of courage or something but as a writer i do think that just pure info isn't all that interesting.  do you hang out in chat rooms?
No way!
oh i thought maybe i knew you.  you sure you aren't star lady from the weirdoMUD on aol?
There are more tactful ways to chat a girl up, you know. I don't know what your success rate is but you're either very lucky or oblivious... :)
yeah i guess i forgot that little one too :)  actually i don't consider myself lucky.  and i don't really get into too much up-chatting (chatting-up?) so i don't know what my success rate is?  should i be hitting the carriage return more often?
Is that some sort of innuendo?
no, not really.  but if you want to consider it as such...i won't stop you.
As to the Star Lady reference, let me explain. Women never like to think that they've confused with some other female in a guy's mind. It is just one of those things.
i can't see you and all that but i would never confuse you with anyone else, especially not fred or thad, even tho i guess they technically are not women although i have my doubts that they have any idea who they are at all.
Identity crisis time. Well, so tell me, what goes on in the aforementioned chat room at AOL?
i just made it up i don't think such a thing exists.
Don;t count on it. There's a shoe for every foot. I am not a big AOL fan. It's like the shopping mall arcade of th4e internet, isn't it??
yeah, but i've gotten over hating it because it's so dumb it's interesting.  i got email on it a couple of years ago and -- hey write me.
I beg your pardon?
bye @@02 Hey there; I'm Matt.  How's it going so far?
I thought I already spoke to Judge #2?
I hope not.  I'm pretty sure I'm judge 2.
REally?? But you're the 4th.
Right.  There are only five judges and 6 terminals here. You missed out on the first round.  That's why you waited here for 20 minutes.
I'll take your word for it. What else have you to say for yuorself today?
Well, I'm damn glad you type faster than the last machine.
Speed isn't everything. How often do you visit New York?
When I was in high school, I was here all the time.
But now you're at Yale, aren'ty you>
Yeah.  Don't get into NY much anymore.  Too expensive to come in on the train.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Where did you live when you were growing up here?
I lived about 20 minutes from the GWB, in northern NJ. Did you grow up around here?
Not really. But yes, in other ways.
What am I to make of that?
I moved here when I was a very young adult. So I did grow up here in many ways. I was not, howeverm born in the city, or anywhere very near to it.
Gotcha.  Did you go to school here?
No. I'm a non-academic.
What are you doing these days?
Writing and experimenting.
Computer experimenting?  Arts?
No No, I'm not especially computer-literate. I'm writing for various magazines and preparing a book proposal.
Sounds nice.  I am looking forward to getting to the point where I get to do stuff.  I am sick of school and have been for a few years now.
I dropped out rather early. I must say, I do admire anyone who has the kind of discipline you obviously have.
I sometimes wonder if it is discipline or neurosis?  Have you ever visited a high-pressure school?  It attracts lots of neurotic overachievers, lots of reward-motivated people. It is a very strange place.
I thnk I have visited a few high-pressure schools. However, when you're a visitor you don't feel any of the stuff you describe -- unless you are receptive to it. I have never visited Yale but I've been around the Columbia campus and also the campus of a well-known joint out west and, well, none of the other universities I have visited were probably high pressure establishments. NYU?
I don't know.  I bet the grad schools at NYU are pretty high-pressure.  Actually, a friend of mine (an actor) is very scared to go to either NYU or Juilliard for that reason. Apparently, it can be damaging.  Honestly, I don't mean to be so down about it, though.  Yale's a good place.
I gave a little talk at the NYU drama school a few years ago. Between you and me, I'm very dubious of all these institutions. They're like gigantic bureacracies as far as I can see.
Yeah.  When I was applying to schools, I was very interested in a place called Deep Springs, out in california.  It's a two-year program for 26 people, where you work on a ranch out in the middle of nowhere and take classes in the spare time.  It sounded like a nice change, but I never finished the application (5 essays or something.  I'm a terrible writer)
listen, er, woukld you think it's rude if we move on to the next person? It's nothing personal but you'll undresrtand later....
Um, sure.  Whatever works.
okay thanks, I really appreciate it. I'll be nice to you later. Promise. Bye.
bye
hello? apparnelty I'm not allowed to do this, we have to keep chatting,.
I just asked Dr. Loebner, oh, I see.  Yeah, I guess we're not allowed.
i'll be right back?
Sure...
well that was a short break.
Um.  Yeah.
But isn't life more fun this way?
More fun how?
Well a little spontaneity and confusion often makes things more interesting.
True.  This is a bit surreal.  Do you have to go?  I don't mind just sitting if you hve to do something (bathroom?)
I went, couldn't you tell? Computers do core dumps quicker than most.
Especially when I'm programming.
Yes but then having to clean up the hard drive is a mess. Ah for a good programming environment and operating system that keeps up with and makes allowances for human error.
Someday, someday.  User-interface is one of my interests, actually.  I'm pretty amazed at some of the interfaces I;ve
seen,.  Although they're getting better.  It's amazing that
even though computing power doubles every 1.5 years, we haven't seen any change in the user-interface since the Mac came out.
Well wait a year and a half for the new Mac operating system. But playing with OS/2 the last day and a half has been a hell of a lot more fun than dealing with DOS.  Please, stop me before I DOS again. .....aaaaiiiggggghhh.
I actually like command-line stuff sometimes.  Although I guess I'm thinking more of UNIX.  But I agree, OS/2 is really, really nice.
let's change the subject, my dear. How many years did you say you have left in the clinker?
I'm getting out in May.  Time;s up.  Nice talking to you.
byeee

hello there.
hello. are there certain topics you are not comforatble discussing?
well, I think I can handle myself if that should arise. And you?
I'd rather not address topic of handling myself, but please go ahead
very funny. You shall start -- why don't yuo lead, as it were?
OK, but I'm also a reluctant dancer. Tell me about some of the topics you've discussed so far, so we can find something
new to discuss. Everybody talks about the weather. It's amazing. Also, the movies. And education. But that doesn't mean we can't discuss those things if you have some compelling urge to do so.
not at all. some of your colleagues offered jokes and other
chit chat--you seem much more serious. What do you know about
other contestants in this contest? Did you all travle together?
I am not at liberty to discuss that. What's your name?
I am judge01. Typically, not too judgemental, but gotta be today. Why are you interested in determining my name? (I'm not leading very well, am I?)
Passive agressive, I see.
I've gotta mention--there seems to be a pattern(connection) between the replies I'm seeing on this flickering screen and the sound of keyboard being used behind this curtain over here. Any thoughts on that?
It's all in your mind. What's the story with that?
My mind is fullk of stories, and I've recevntly added to my cache of jokes. Not that size is important or anything
, but how large is your cache of jokes? I used to know a few really tasteless ones but I haven't been very dutiful about collecting them latrely. I undersrtabnd Thadd is a great punmesister.
Yes, I've heard that too. ?/What king of keybard are you using behind that curtain?
Keybard! I love it. Very cute.
Yeah, I figured you'd appreciate a Shakespearean reference. When was the last time someonen asked you about the bard>?
Last week? Smething like that.
ANd what sort of question were you asked?
Hm. It was about one of his characters, not about him.
And probably not involving a keybard. ?/What sort of keyborad are you using at present?
Why do you want to know?
I have a side business consulting re: keyboards. I've desingned my own rig known as the keybard, and travel the country offering to entities like yourself. INterested?
I have my own keyboard, thank you. You're talking to one of the least eager consumers ever. I am an extremely unwilling customer.
Maybe if you got out from behind that curtain a little more often, you'd change your opinion. DO you know any Star tRek
trivial--that seems to be popular with your colleagues. No! I'm not intersted in Science Fiction or any of thatr stuff, at all. I understand Fred is a Star Trek nut.
Yes, most Star Trek nuts are Freds. How did you get involved in this contest?
Hugh is one of my internet friends, We are on a few discussion groups and sometimes we run ideas by each other. He's quite the fellow, isn't he?
Yes, agreed. In your next discussin, I really think you oughta mention contest design--you really need to break this (preceived) connection between keyborad licking and words streaming across the screen of this monitor. While you're at it, maybe larger, flicker-free monitors would be a good investment. What sort of machine is at the other end of wire hooked to thios machine?
Same sas yours isn't it? A PC. As you probably know, our conversation is going to be permanently available to the public and that would actually include Hugh, so your sales pitch won't have to be repeated twice.
wonderful! But I hope you'll consider my comments re: connectinos
between keyboarding and replies. Also could you a backspace
arangement, but you seem very fault-tolerant with my typos.
oh. bye! Hi how are you? HI How are you?
I'm fine. How are you?
I'm fine. Its a nice day today.
Not as nice as I would like it to be.
What are your plans tonite?
I'm having dinner at the Salmagundi Club.  Would you like to join me?
Sure. What's a good time?
Seven p.m. What would appeal to  you for your meal?
Fish is usually a good choice.
The fish here is very good. I would suggest you have the salmon.  Before you eat, I would offer you the opportunity to see the new sculpture show here.
Yes-I saw the big penquin. Taht one is really good.
It did not win a prize. It is a well executed sculpture but the judges didn't like it enought to give it a prize.
Why? Is it because of its size?
No. I was not a judge so I  don't know why.
Many of the others are very good also. How long is the show going to be up?
From tonight to May 9th with a reception  and awards on May 2nd.
Which one is your favorite piece?
Mine.  The white seal.
What medium did you use?
Marble.
Is that your favorite medium?
Yes.
What are you working on

Hi How are you today?
Good thanks. How are you?
I'm fine thankyou. I was busy all weekend fixing roofs.
Whose roof were you fixing? Whose roof were you fixing? Is that what you usually do on weekends?
yes. Sometimes it gets very hot up there.
Did you get a tan?
Yes. The old tin roof is also a great place to watch people from?
Right, when you're not too busy working. What kind of people did you see fromteh old tin roof?
Usually kids and people walking their dogs.
Are you a dog lover?
Yes. I have a hugh dog - a fox hound.
(You're as bad a typist as I am.) I love dogs. My family used to have a dog called a keeshond.
How big a dog is that?
She was about a foot and a half high - short squat dog with really thick gray fur. Its a Norwegian breed, I think. Did you have a dog when you were growing up?
Yes. Several in fact.
What were their names?
Doe Doe, Susie, Black Beauty,Charly, etc ....
etc is a funny name for a dog
Well there were so many.
Which was your favorite?
Doe Doe.
What was she like?
She was part Norweigian Elkhound and police dog. She won a prize is a dog beauty contest.
Where did you grow up?
In Bklyn and Conn.
Wehreabouts? I live in Bklyn heights, and I went to school in CT
I went to Berkeley and the Kent School in Kent Ct.
When were you at Berkeley? I have a bunch of friends who went there.
In the '70s.
Ah, before my time. It looks like I've gotta go. It was nice talking with you.
Thankyou. I hope we can talk again soon.
Me too.
When will you be back at the club?

Hi  how are you?
Well,ok.Kind of jet-lagged.
Where did you fly in from?
I just arrived yesterday from Hamburg. The Swedish stewardesses wouldn't let me sleep.
Why not? Where they banging and clanging tray about all nite?
NO, but every time I tried to get some sleep they would shake me to serve me water or a refreshing towel or Probably thought it was good service.
Hamburg is a seaport isn't it?
Yeah, right. Actually my office is overlooking the port. Nice place.
Recently the town has improved a lot correct?
What do you mean?
Arn't there more tourists there then in years before?
Couldn't say so.
I have a French friend who married a guy from Hamburg. He is an Architect.
Oh, yeah? What kind of projects did he work on?
Small stuff. He was younger than she. She had a pretty wild life before she married him. But he was quite goodlooking and young-so moldable so to speak.
Hm. I allways thought it's man who like young "moldable" partners.
Well she had been married twice before and had lived all over the place. She had worked for Scotland Yard at one point.
Wow, you've got interesting friends. What do you do?
Right now Im involved in a comabination of things. I want to sstart a private foundation to raise money for a museum.
What museum?
A children's Cival war museum. That way the public that tramps through is hopefully controllable.
Controllable?
They are supposed to be anyway.

Hi how are you?
I am  ok.  A little tired of typing.
Have you been typing long?
yes, you are the fifth chat i have had today.
Who were the others?
That is unimportant.  Where are you?
I'm in New York but like to travel.
Where have you travelled to?
I just got back from Cape May N.J.
What did you do there?
Fix more "old tin roofs".
Have others complained about the space bar?
No. We just "merrily roll along".
What does that mean
We just keep going. One little old space bar doesn't matter.
Would you like to see a movie after this event.
No thankyou. It's to nice a day to spend time in a theatre.
Whatdoes thankyou mean?
You invited me out and I declined. Polite conversation me to Thank You for your invitation.
Butofcourse. Do you believe in UFO's?
Yes. I think Other forms of life are constantly watching us and amused at what they see.
They are watching LUCY in the next galaxy.
Did you see athe comet??
I saw Halleys and I saw Hale Bopp on TV, I Missed the behind it though.
Well better luck next time.

Hi how are you?
I'm feelingquitewell,thanks-- how are you?
Just fine. I'm thinking about lunch aand wondering where to go?
How much do you want to spend? Andwhat are your"won't eats"?
About 10 bucks and I don't want anything greasy.
Go toZen Palate at UnionSquare, and ordersomething in the cafe downstairs.  It's not greasy. And it's tasty. Where are you from?
I'm from New York. Have you heard about this new airbourn virus that is flesh eating? Its in North Caralina now.
I was thinking about lunch, too, but Iwasn't really in for flesh.
Well thats understandable. But have you heard about this virus?
No! I was the human last year, btw.
OK. So where are you going for lunch?
Not sure yet. I understandHugh Loebner willbe -- and boy,amI ready for my sandwich...
Any  beer??
No, I do not imbibe beer.
What do you imbibe?
White wine, red wine, champagne (sometimes), scotch and fresh margaritas.
That all sounds good. Have you been to any of the new cigar bars?
I avoid thoseplaces like the plague -- which is what they are. I did check out Bar & Books a few times. What a
I haven't been to a cigar bar yet . There's a reall seedy old place that's near work where I go. It used to be an Indian bar where all the steel workers hang out. They tell some pretty good stories. The steel men are considered the Supermen of construction.
Soundsvery atmospheric.  So you've beensucked in by of manly work,and allthat?
No-by the cheap beer.
Where do you work? Manhattan?
No. At Metrotech in Bklyn.
I get it. How did you end uphere today?
I have a floating schedule.
Mmhm. The best kind.
Yes.   Also my boss went on vacation.

Hi what up?
Hello.  Do you know anything about art?
Yes. What do you want to know?
What is your favorite medium?
Clay.
As sculpture or making ceramic pots?
As sculpture.  How long have you been a member here?
How do you know I'm a member?
Well its only a guess-but since you like to talk about art and all that I think you may be a member of some art club.
Do you know the nameof this art club?
Well there are so many. There's a really nice one near Park as well and yes I know the name of this club.
Whatisit?
The Salmagundi Club.

Hi What's up?
Not much. Remember me?
Yes. Where are you going for lunch? Or are you going to have a sandwich?
I'll just grab a sandwich, probably. I need to ask you three questions. The first one is, when were you born?
That's a personal question.
OK, so whats your sign, then? No age involved.
I'm a libra.
OK. When you got your first liscence, was it in a stick or an automatic?
A stick shift.
Do you still drive stick?
No. my car got stolen. And Stickshifts are a pain.
no fooling. I'm sorry about your car. did it get stolen in NYC?
Yes. But it was a bomb so they didn't get far.
...and you didn't want it back?
Yes but the police never found it.
its probably been turned into parts in the So. Brnx
Yes. Those hack shops are really something.
i think they call them "chop shops". thats how i leanred it, anyway
Yes thats what they're called. What
what what?
Well not much. I think I may zip down to Wall Street to caheck out that new beer.

Hi Whats up?
Do you remembermy name?
Its a number no?
Yeah, but didn't I tell you my name?
Are you the guy from Hamburg?
Right.
So are you going to check out any of our micro-brews?(beer).
Well, I know it's a shame but even though I live in Germany I don't drink beer.
OK.  What sort of stocks do you like?
Stocks? You are investing?
Sure. Everyone does sooner or later.
Have you had any luck so far?
Yes. I like communications .
Well, a lot of those semingly hot companies were utter did you hear about Informix?
No. I mainly go with safe bets-like att lucent tech etc.
Well, less risk, less gain,right?
not really. Microsoft went up 85%.
Ok,andIntel of course. @@04
Hi what's up now?
morechat round two. What stocksdo you like?
The  phrama. and the Comm. stocks are really good. I look for companies that are based and invested worldwide.
I would watchout  for the Comm Stocks.  We are looking at a technological shift to wireless soon.  They may get killed.
I think that its important to see who gets what airspace. The auctions are wild.
The auctionsare cold.  The bidding was really low at last weeks auction.
What sorts of companies do you watch?
I only buy mutual funds.  Individual stocks need wathcing I thinkI do better.
Thats because the fund managers have convinced you that they know more than the individual investor.

Hi whats the story for the day?
well,i'm havingtroublekeepingtrackof allthese pseudo humans. The space bar is a tad lame -- i must remember topound it at the center.
You're doing a good job of it. So what sorts of stocks do you like?
I never discuss that stuff. Sorry.
Why? Is it a secret??
No,I just have no idea what to say about such matters. The stockmarket islike the moon or the sun. It'sthere. I have no idea how itworks, though.
Have you pruchased stock before?
Have you? And areyou tryingto sellme something?
No I don't have anything to sell but I did read something interesting in the paper the other day. It talked about aatheis new astartup beer company called Dalton.comm. They are trying to raise money by selling directly to the public and not bother with underwriters etc. We can but their over the internet.
:
